Let's revisit logging out.
Previously we implemented the logout using a controller so
that we could use the HTTP get method.
Now this leaves logout exposed to cross-site request forgery.
Also, currently the logout is no longer working.
The reason is the remember-me cookie keeps logging us back in.
We need to remove the remember-me cookie when the user logs out.
In the Configuration class,
we can use the HttpSecurity object to access the logout filter builder.
Set the logoutUrl and the URL to redirect to once successfully logged out,
in this case, back to the login page, and finally the cookies we want to delete.
Now one additional thing.
We need to change the logout link to use POST.
In this case, change it to a button and a form,
which includes the cross-site request forgery token.
Now I'm using Thymeleaf,
which automatically includes the cross-site request forgery token in each form. We are now able to log out successfully.